>> Mike North: So
the next topic we're going to jump into
is using React with TypeScript.
This is really cool, and this is why we're
going to sort of get away from the slides
and into practical demos, so
you should make sure you've pulled in the
latest changes from master into your code.
There's some new stuff
I've pushed last night.
We're gonna look at that exercise
that is underscore first.
So we have some react
component in that in there.
And the first thing I wanted to say is
react works well with JSX reasonably well.
There are some things just because
those angle brackets are used,
there some things that tend to crash
with JSX, but there are workarounds
such as casting with the as keyword
that allow us to kind of get by.
So the first thing I want us to look at
is a state list functional component.
So this, you may recognize
this as like the flavor of
React component that is not a class right,
this does not have any state.
And you'll see we have a variable
Like const my component,
the type of this variable is React.SFC
that's stateless functional component.
And these are the kinds of components
that basically consist of only the render
function.
The type we're passing in
here is the structure of
allowed props on this react component.
This is really, really cool.
The interface here is what we're
using to describe the props.
And so
when we're consuming this component,
I'll just get rid of
the interface here temporarily.
When we're consuming our component,
say, in our app,
which is a component where we're,
so if that the root component for
our app,
if we were missing that name attribute,
we would get a complaint from
the typescript compiler.
It would say,
look when you use this you have to provide
me with the information that I need.
So this is where the idea of required and
optional parameters like that.
That is really,
really powerful here in terms of
having some enforcement on the API
surface of a react component.
I'm sure I'm not the only
one that has repeatedly
lost track of exactly what you're
supposed to pass into these things.
Just because it's sort of, you kind of
have to look through like where are all
of my props being consumed throughout
the implementation of this component.
You kind of have to search around and
here the developer is encouraged
to define that up front as a structure and
give it some degree of formality.
And what that means is now,
we know what the rules are, and thus,
we can play by these rules.